feat(explorer): transaction timings (#3274)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/eighty-humans-divide.md

---
"@latticexyz/explorer": patch
---

> Transactions in Observe tab are now populated with timing metrics when using the observer transport wrapper.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Transactions in Observe tab are now populated with timing metrics when using the `observer` Viem decorator in local projects.

You can wire up your local project to use transaction timings with:
```
import { observer } from "@latticexyz/explorer/observer";

// Extend the Viem client that is performing writes
walletClient.extend(observer());
```
````
